[doc] Add hpu resource description in ray train related docs (#47241)
ray-project/ray: doc/source/train/user-guides/using-gpus.rst

Reviewer: For this document, I suggest creating a new section titled Using Other Accelerators to place between the Using GPUs and Setting the Resources per Worker sections, rather than modifying the existing Using GPUs section directly. The current Using GPUs section is self-contained, covering topics such as scaling and the NCCL backend. Adding a parallel section for Using Other Accelerators would maintain logical flow and organization. Within this new section, Using HPUs could be included as a subsection. Let me know if this approach makes more sense. @KepingYan  cc @matthewdeng

Author: Thanks for your suggestion, I've moved the HPU descriptions to a subsection.

.. _train_scaling_config:

> Configuring Scale and Resources (CPU, GPU and other accelerators)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Configuring Scale and Resources (CPU, GPU, and other accelerators)
```

> ==================================================================

Reviewer 2: @angelinalg same question here about title length.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

PyTorch Distributed supports multiple `backends <https://pytorch.org/docs/stable/distributed.html#backends>`__

> for communicating tensors across workers. By default Ray Train will use NCCL when ``use_gpu=True`` and Gloo otherwise. For HPU resources, you need to set it to hccl as follows.

Reviewer: Please add a working example to show case how to use a hccl backend with Ray Train. thx!

    trainer = TorchTrainer(...)

.. _using-other-accelerators:

> Using Other Accelerators

Reviewer 2: nit: sentence case
```suggestion
Using other accelerators
```

------------------------

Using HPUs
~~~~~~~~~~

> To use HPUs, you can set HPU resources by ``resources_per_worker`` parameter and pass it to the :class:`~ray.train.ScalingConfig`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To use HPUs, specify the HPU resources using the ``resources_per_worker`` parameter and pass it to the :class:`~ray.train.ScalingConfig`.
```

In the example below, training will run on 8 HPUs (8 workers, each using one HPU).

.. testcode::

    from ray.train import ScalingConfig

    scaling_config = ScalingConfig(
        num_workers=8,
        resources_per_worker={"HPU": 1}
    )

Using HPUs in the training function
"""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""

After you set the ``resources_per_worker`` attribute to specify the HPU resources for each worker, Ray Train can set up environment variables in your training function so that the HPUs can be detected and used.

You can get the associated devices with :meth:`ray.train.torch.get_device`.

.. testcode::

    import torch
    from ray.train import ScalingConfig
    from ray.train.torch import TorchTrainer, get_device

    def train_func():
        device = get_device()
        assert device == torch.device("hpu")

    trainer = TorchTrainer(
        train_func,
        scaling_config=ScalingConfig(
            num_workers=1,
            resources_per_worker={"HPU": 1}
        )
    )
    trainer.fit()

(PyTorch) Setting the communication backend
"""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""

> PyTorch supports a few communication backends such as MPI, Gloo and NCCL natively. Intel® Gaudi® AI accelerator support for distributed communication can be enabled using Habana Collective Communication Library (HCCL) backend. When using HPU resources, You can set HCCL as the communication backend by configuring a :class:`~ray.train.torch.TorchConfig` and pass it into the :class:`~ray.train.torch.TorchTrainer` as follows.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
PyTorch supports a few communication backends such as MPI, Gloo and NCCL natively. Intel® Gaudi® AI accelerator support for distributed communication can be enabled using Habana Collective Communication Library (HCCL) backend. When using HPU resources, You can set HCCL as the communication backend by configuring a :class:`~ray.train.torch.TorchConfig` and passing it into the :class:`~ray.train.torch.TorchTrainer` as follows.
```
